URL to bug: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1371687

PR link: https://github.com/MrbunnyUA/gecko-dev/pull/1

path file link: https://github.com/MrbunnyUA/gecko-dev/blob/302-A3/doc/1371687.patch

### Diagnosis of the Bug

The bug is that, there seems to have been updates to the installation process and as a result there is now code that is no longer called and will never execute in the installation process. The reporter realized this from a previous bug patch Bug 692295 and has proceeded to make this request to remove the unused code. The code itself is under the installion folder in their toolkit folder for windows. The code appears to use to update the user's shortcuts with the latest app user model id for the windows setup.

The benefit to fixing the bug is that it will cut down legacy code, help with technical debt and reduce code smells. Often in companies that work with huge code bases, as the years go on and updates are applied, some code will be phased out of use and not used. It can often cause confusion as to why some code is there sometimes, this gets worse as developers enter and leave the company. To help with this removing unused code is very important, leading to a healthy codebase, reducing possible future confusions and cleaner code. The code base is like a garden, you have to tend to it otherwise you'll grow a bunch of weeds and it won't be a pretty sight.

The risk to removing these lines of code is that for some reason this code is still called upon by some process and could potentially cause the installation process to error out. However, this is not likely since the code that specifically calls upon these options have been phased out after looking at bug 692295's paper trail of bug requests. Furthermore there are no more references the specific option UpdateShortcutAppUserModelIds in the code base regardless of case, so I also think that it is not used.

### Proposed Solution

As requested by the reporter, the solution was to remove the lines he requested from the code base.
The path to the file is: toolkit/mozapps/installer/windows/nsis/common.nsh

```
// lines 5783 - 5794
      ; Update this user's shortcuts with the latest app user model id.
      ClearErrors
      ${GetOptions} "$R0" "/UpdateShortcutAppUserModelIds" $R2
      IfErrors hideshortcuts +1
      StrCpy $R2 ""
!ifmacrodef InitHashAppModelId
      ${If} "$AppUserModelID" != ""
        ${UpdateShortcutAppModelIDs}  "$INSTDIR\${FileMainEXE}" "$AppUserModelID" $R2
      ${EndIf}
!endif
      StrCmp "$R2" "false" +1 finish ; true indicates that shortcuts have been updated
      Quit ; Nothing initialized so no need to call OnEndCommon
```

There are no code changes other than the removal of these lines of code.

After cleaning up the code we have to make sure that the code changes have not negatively impacted the code base with a testing proceedure.

### Testing Procedure

The task in question was to remove code that was to be executed in the installation process, this code is involved in helper.exe for helping install on a windows system. I tested the changes by making the changes and then performing a clean build going through the entire set up again on a windows system to make sure that nothing broke super badly. And then just making sure that the patch correcly removes the lines requested.